Section II – UNIX, Scripting
Please store the following questions and answers in a file called answers2.txt
6. What is the octal representation of a file that can be read and written only by its owner?
7. In UNIX systems, what is the common name of the special user that can access and modify every
file?
8. Which file permission classes are available in UNIX systems?
9. As of 2020, which percentage of servers have UNIX-like OS?
10. The command ssh will:
11. UNIX Command: access your current working directory
12. UNIX Command: rename files (give an example)
13. UNIX Command: schedule the execution of programs in the future
14. UNIX Command: Forcefully shutdown the command with process ID 123
15. UNIX Command: access your root user
16. Crontab scheduled: At minute 30 on Sunday.
17. Crontab scheduled: At minute 30 on day-of-month 15.
18. Crontab scheduled: At 05:30 on every day-of-week from Sunday through Monday in June.
19. Script: print your name and date
20. Script: add two numeric values, print the result
21. Script: inputs username, prints “USERNAME stored”
22. Script: Store the output of the command “hostname” in a variable. Display “This script is
running on _.” where “_” is the output of the “hostname” command.
23. Script: Store the output of the working directory (from where the script is run) in a variable
then print the variable.
24. Create a step by step tutorial on how to create a cronjob that prints “Task scheduled at” +
DATE. Cronjob is scheduled every 30 minutes on today’s date (only today).
25. Create a script that takes an input (letter or number) that will display the answer of a question.
The script should when started list a menu for the user with the different questions that can be
chosen and which corresponding letter the user will have to give as input to display the answer of
the desired question. One of the possible inputs the user should be able to make is "q" for quitting
the script. The menu should also have a default case where all the items is displayed again, or no
changes is made if the user gives an invalid input. Hint: use a switch case to be able to handle the
menu. Each option in the menu should lead to an echo of the answer